Not your keys, not your bitcoin!
Not your node, not your rules!
Not your node, not your transactions!
Bitcoin not blockchain.
Run you own full validating bitcoin node.
1 Bitcoin = 1 Bitcoin
1 Bitcoin = 100000000 Satoshis
1 Satoshi = 1 Satoshi
The price of one bitcoin will always equal one bitcoin.
All fiat currencies are devaluating against bitcoin.
You are Hodlonaut. We are all Hodlonaut.
Your shitcoin bags will explode in value soon.
Your shitcoin bags will go to zero eventually.
Buy a random shitcoin today.
Buying shitcoins will get you rekt.
Don’t underestimate first mover advantage.
You will buy the all time high and sell the all time low.
You will buy the all time low and sell the all time high.
Start a paid TA group an become filthy rich over the backs of your followers.
You'll become rich scamming your paid group followers.
Initial Coin Offerings are scams.
An ICO is a license to print money.
An ICO is a license to print money. Until it isn't.
Don’t buy the next ICO you'll find.
Never buy into an ICO ever again or you'll regret it.
Buy the next ICO at your own peril.
ICO at your own risk.
Your pump and dump scheme will make you a fortune.
Your pump and dump scheme will result in prison time.
Your pump and dump scheme will backfire.
You will lose your keys in a tragic boating accident.
No one believes you lost your keys in a tragic boating accident.
Generate a private key during the next full moon. You'll find it'll already contain some funds.
Generate a private key during the next full moon. Burn it. Repeat. The 100th time you'll generate a key containing a fortune.
Be careful sending bitcoin today. You might send it to the wrong address.
Check the addres you are sending too multiple times! Beginning, middle and end!
Beware of malware! It's out for your coins!
Multisig your wallets or lose your funds in a $5,- wrench attack.
Bitcoin hardforks are a bad idea.
Airgap your coins!
Do not save your keys on your internet connected computer.
Write down your private keys twice and store them in waterproof bags at two geographically different locations.
You've been considering hardforking bitcoin. Good luck with that!
Your bitcoin hardfork will be a great succes. ROFLMAO!
Bitcoin Cash is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin SV is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoiin is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Gold is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Diamond is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Private is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Hex is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Jesus is a joke.
Fun fact. "Iconic shits abashed" is an anagram for "Bcash dies a shitcoin.
Fun fact. "Whorish agitators mini goons attack" is an anagram for "Craig Wright is not Satoshi Nakamoto." 
You are Satoshi Nakamoto and created bitcoin while you were blackout drunk in 2009.
Without knowing it, you've met Satashi Nakamoto in real life multiple times.
Satoshi is watching.
Satoshi's return is imminent.
Your mom is Satoshi Nakamoto.
Your dad is Satoshi Nakamoto.
The sister of your best friends nephews lover is Satoshi Nakamoto.
Would Satoshi lose keys? No!
That Australian guy... He isn't Satoshi Nakamoto.
Those claiming to be Satoshi are not Satoshi.
Someone will gift you several Satoshis today.
A mysterious transaction will arrive in your wallet in the near future.
Don’t trust the dust in your wallet!
The fee estimation algorithm of your wallet sucks.
The fee estimation algorithm of your wallet will improve soon.
The fee estimation algorithm of your wallet is terrible. Consider switching wallets.
Tulips and bitcoin do not equate.
Hyperbitcoinization will happen in your lifetime. Hodl!
Hodl your bitcoin like you hodl your mom.
Hodl your bitcoin like I hodl your mom.
Today is a good day to spend a small percentage of your hodl.
It will slowly fall when you buy.
It will crash the moment you FOMO buy.
If you speculate wisely the price will rise.
The price will spike just after you panic sell.
Hodlers will be rewarded.
Stacking Sats will bring you fame and fortune in the near future. Don’t stop stacking Sats!
Your stacked Sats are bound to grow in value.
Those Sats don’t stack themselves. Get to it!
Despise the fractional reserve banking system for they are stealing your hard spent time through inflation.
Long Bitcoin! Short the Banks!
Do not trust your bank to give back your hard earned money.
Buy Bitcoin!
Craig Wright is a fraud!
All shitcoins will die!
There will always be shitcoins.
Of all the shitcoins that have been, and still will be made, 99,999 % will die.
Bitcoin equals power to the people.
Bitcoin is unstoppable.
Scam: Send bitcoin to this address to receive triple the amount back: 3NuX5FN5kdUsxD97JPsaEHmWJVZ2p8JgfN (Or ist it?)
I hope you didn't fall for the "send bitcoin to this address scam."
A mysterious transaction will appear in your bitcoin wallet.
Tragic boating accidents are so 2019. Tragic wingsuit accidents involving flaming hula hoops and one slightly annoyed blue flamingo are all the rage these days!
Do not buy a Lambo you moron!
Buy a Lambo, get rekt.
You do not need a Lambo. You've got enough going for you already.
You need a Lambo to compensate for something?
Stay humble, stack Sats!
Start thinking about how to get the fuck out of Dodge and into a Citadel!
You'll become the mayor of a Citadel if you keep stacking them Sats.
Hordes will be banging on your Citadel doors.
Gift a random stranger some Bitcoin today. It will do you both well.
Burn a few Sats to some random address, just for the hell of it. Do it!
Write "Buy Bitcoin" on the banknotes in your wallet.
This is a Litecoin Fortune Cookie. Just kidding. Litecoin sucks.
This is an Ethereum Fortune Cookie. Just kidding. Ethereum is a joke.
Don't get me started about Ripple. I'd rather receive dogshit spraypainted gold.
Venus, Mars and Jupiter are about to align. This doesn't mean shit. Bitcoin does. Stack sats.
Thruthfully told... Bitcoin!
Credit is a perversion of money. Bitcoin fixes this.
When it seems too good to be true, it probably is. Bitcoin is the exception to this rule!
Bitcoin is symbiotic. Fiat is parasitic.
Bitcoin is the monetairy desire path. The best path from Alice to Bob.
Bitcoin is to gold as gold is to silver.
Bitcoin is to gold as gold is to shit.
Goliath too was "too big to fail..."
Bitcoin is both the most local and global thing you can own.
Instead of giving bankers another bonus, give yourself one. Buy Bitcoin.
Dirty Fiat vs pristine Bitcoin? Place your bets!
Stocks are sooo last century. Buy Bitcoin!
Have your own Fort Knox with Bitcoin!
Quick! While most folks still think it has no intrinsic value!
At what point does it become cheaper to wipe your ass with paper money instead of toilet paper?
Which do you trust more? 1: People. 2: Math?
There are two options: 1: Buy it now because you want to. 2: Buy it later because you have to. Either way, Bitcoin wins.
You are skeptical about Bitcoin? That is a great place to start from!
One chain to break all others. Bitcoin.
If you believe in fortune cookies, Ethereum might be better for you.
They'll never find an asteroid made out of bitcoin.